SC documentation improvements (#963)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/net/guides/developer-page.rst

The following developer resources help you get started developing on the Concordium network.

All of our repositories are on `GitHub <https://github.com/Concordium>`__.

.. dropdown:: Standards

    - `Concordium standards and updates <https://proposals.concordium.software/>`_

    - `CIS-0 standard detections <https://proposals.concordium.software/CIS/cis-0.html>`_

> 

Reviewer: **Suggestion:** I don't think we should have a  '- Applicable for smart contracts v1', every standard except CIS-1 is, and CIS-1 is deprecated. So we should probably just list the standards in the top list and avoid this sub list.

    - `Concordium Java SDK <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-java-sdk>`_
    - `Concordium .NET (C#) SDK <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-net-sdk>`_
    - `Concordium Rosetta SDK <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-rosetta>`_
    - `Concordium go SDK <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-go-sdk>`_

    The following NPM libraries are useful for building web-based dApps:

    - `@concordium/react-components <https://www.npmjs.com/package/@concordium/react-components>`_ (for React projects).
    - `@concordium/wallet-connectors <https://www.npmjs.com/package/@concordium/wallet-connectors>`_ (for connecting to wallets in non-React projects).
    - `@concordium/web-sdk <https://www.npmjs.com/package/@concordium/web-sdk>`_ (for interacting with a chain).
    - `@concordium/ccd-js-gen <https://www.npmjs.com/package/@concordium/ccd-js-gen>`_ (for generating smart contract clients in JavaScript).

.. dropdown:: Smart contracts

    See :ref:`Smart contracts <introduction>` for general information about smart contracts, including a list of the available :ref:`smart contract development tools<sc-dev-tools>` to make creation, testing, and deployment easier.

>     - `Smart contract libraries <https://crates.io/crates/concordium-std>`_

Reviewer: **Suggestion:** Maybe avoid the list with just one item.

```suggestion
`The main library for developing smart contracts can be found on crates.io.<https://crates.io/crates/concordium-std>`_
```

.. dropdown:: Proofs

>     - See :ref:`How to create proofs for dApps and services <create-proofs>` for information about how to write statements that interact with Concordium wallets.

Reviewer: **Suggestion:** Half of this dropdown seems to be in a list, but the other half is not.
Maybe don't use a list here, since this seems to follow the other dropdowns.
